# Test-Time-Augmentation-for-Protein-Pattern-Classification-in-Single-Cell-Images
Bachelor End Project at The Eindhoven University of Technology where I demonstrate Test-Time Augmentation for Protein Pattern Classification in Single Cell Images

https://www.kaggle.com/c/hpa-single-cell-image-classification/discussion?sort=votes

Abstract — Cellular heterogeneity is still one of the challenges in understanding single cells. One way of studying cellular heterogeneity in single cells is protein localization in identical cells by analyzing the functional and sub-cellular heterogeneity. Not all protein localization patterns from microscopy images are detectable with the human eye, so this leads to microscopy images of cells that are assigned with imprecise labels. The challenge is to develop a machine learning model that can identify and classify protein patterns of every single cell in the microscopy images. In this paper, a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) is used to research this weakly supervised multi-label classification problem. An EfficientNet-B0 model is pre-trained on segmented single-cell images that are assigned with their image-level label and then fine-tuned on a subset of these images that are assigned with only one label. This resulted in a mean average precision (mAP) score of 0.360. In previous research, it has been demonstrated that test-time augmentation (TTA) improves the performance of CNNs. In this paper different TTA combinations were investigated to find the highest mAP accuracy. This resulted in an accuracy increase of 2.8-3.1% with a mAP score of 0.370-0.371 for multiple augmentation combinations for TTA where these two rules must apply; the TTA combination is applicable for the input image and a minimum of 30 TTAs is applied.
